docs/WEB_DEPLOY.md, before:

# Pyxel Web Deploy (GitHub Pages, Manual)

This project uses Pyxel scheme B:

1. Build `.pyxapp`
2. Convert to single-file `HTML`
3. Publish `docs/index.html` to GitHub Pages

All commands must run in Conda env `pyxel_env`.

## 1) Build web artifact

From project root:

```bash
chmod +x scripts/build_web_release.sh
./scripts/build_web_release.sh
```

Output file:

`release/dist/index.html`

Mobile controls patch:

- `scripts/build_web_release.sh` now auto-injects a mobile control visual patch
  into `release/dist/index.html` (A/B/START high-contrast labels + left visual joystick).
- The patch is idempotent and can be re-applied safely.
- To disable it, set `ENABLE_MOBILE_CONTROLS_PATCH = False` in
  `scripts/patch_mobile_controls.py`.

## 2) Local preview

From project root:

```bash
conda run -n pyxel_env python -m http.server 8000
```

Open:

`http://localhost:8000/release/dist/`

Recommended mobile checks:

- A/B/START labels are always visible and high-contrast.
- Left side is rendered as a visual joystick (input behavior remains Pyxel 4-direction).
- Touch controls still respond for title/menu/dialogue movement flows.

## 3) Publish to GitHub Pages (/docs)

Copy latest web artifact:

```bash
mkdir -p docs
cp release/dist/index.html docs/index.html
```

Commit and push:

```bash
git add docs/index.html
git commit -m "web release: YYYY-MM-DD"
git push
```

GitHub Pages settings:

- Settings -> Pages
- Source: Deploy from a branch
- Branch: `main`
- Folder: `/docs`

Final URL:

`https://<github_username>.github.io/<repo>/`

## LLM policy (web)

- Do not commit `.env`.
- Keep LLM toggle in game UI.
- Players must fill `API Key / Base URL / Model` by themselves.
- If web request fails (for example CORS), game should auto-fallback to preset NPC dialogue.

## 4) Fully automatic upload (PAT + API)

This repo includes:

`scripts/publish_github_pages.sh`

It will run build, sync `docs/index.html`, initialize git (if needed), create GitHub repo, push code, and enable GitHub Pages.

### Required env vars

```bash
export GITHUB_USERNAME="<your_github_username>"
export GITHUB_TOKEN="<your_classic_pat_with_repo_scope>"
export REPO_NAME="bfsu-rpg"
```

Optional identity:

```bash
export GIT_USER_NAME="<display_name>"
export GIT_USER_EMAIL="<email>"
```

Run:

```bash
chmod +x scripts/publish_github_pages.sh
./scripts/publish_github_pages.sh
```

### PAT creation path

GitHub -> Settings -> Developer settings -> Personal access tokens -> Tokens (classic) -> Generate new token (classic)

Select `repo` scope.

### About private repositories

If you want "anyone can play", use a **public repository** for Pages.
Private repository Pages visibility depends on plan/organization policy and is not suitable as the default for fully public access.

Commit message:

web: rebuild mobile controls with real joystick input bridge

docs/WEB_DEPLOY.md, after:

# Pyxel Web Deploy (GitHub Pages, Manual)

This project uses Pyxel scheme B:

1. Build `.pyxapp`
2. Convert to single-file `HTML`
3. Publish `docs/index.html` to GitHub Pages

All commands must run in Conda env `pyxel_env`.

## 1) Build web artifact

From project root:

```bash
chmod +x scripts/build_web_release.sh
./scripts/build_web_release.sh
```

Output file:

`release/dist/index.html`

Mobile controls patch:

- `scripts/build_web_release.sh` now auto-injects a mobile control visual patch
  into `release/dist/index.html` (custom mobile input layer with real joystick + A/B/X/START).
- The patch is idempotent and can be re-applied safely.
- To disable it, set `ENABLE_MOBILE_CONTROLS_PATCH = False` in
  `scripts/patch_mobile_controls.py`.

## 2) Local preview

From project root:

```bash
conda run -n pyxel_env python -m http.server 8000
```

Open:

`http://localhost:8000/release/dist/`

Recommended mobile checks:

- A/B/X/START labels are always visible, larger, and centered.
- Left side is a real draggable joystick and supports continuous diagonal movement.
- Pyxel built-in virtual D-pad is hidden/disabled to avoid input conflicts.

## 3) Publish to GitHub Pages (/docs)

Copy latest web artifact:

```bash
mkdir -p docs
cp release/dist/index.html docs/index.html
```

Commit and push:

```bash
git add docs/index.html
git commit -m "web release: YYYY-MM-DD"
git push
```

GitHub Pages settings:

- Settings -> Pages
- Source: Deploy from a branch
- Branch: `main`
- Folder: `/docs`

Final URL:

`https://<github_username>.github.io/<repo>/`

## LLM policy (web)

- Do not commit `.env`.
- Keep LLM toggle in game UI.
- Players must fill `API Key / Base URL / Model` by themselves.
- If web request fails (for example CORS), game should auto-fallback to preset NPC dialogue.

## 4) Fully automatic upload (PAT + API)

This repo includes:

`scripts/publish_github_pages.sh`

It will run build, sync `docs/index.html`, initialize git (if needed), create GitHub repo, push code, and enable GitHub Pages.

### Required env vars

```bash
export GITHUB_USERNAME="<your_github_username>"
export GITHUB_TOKEN="<your_classic_pat_with_repo_scope>"
export REPO_NAME="bfsu-rpg"
```

Optional identity:

```bash
export GIT_USER_NAME="<display_name>"
export GIT_USER_EMAIL="<email>"
```

Run:

```bash
chmod +x scripts/publish_github_pages.sh
./scripts/publish_github_pages.sh
```

### PAT creation path

GitHub -> Settings -> Developer settings -> Personal access tokens -> Tokens (classic) -> Generate new token (classic)

Select `repo` scope.

### About private repositories

If you want "anyone can play", use a **public repository** for Pages.
Private repository Pages visibility depends on plan/organization policy and is not suitable as the default for fully public access.
